# GWEN'S NEW FRIENDS

Gwen walked into the gym for her next class. Coach Peeves said, “Today, we’re playing basketball. The **custom** is to let you choose your own teams. However, we’re going to do things differently.”

The coach assigned each girl to a team. There were six girls **per** team. Gwen **glimpsed** at her teammates. She didn’t know any of them. All of her friends were on the other teams. She couldn’t believe her **misfortune**.

“I feel sick. May I go to the nurse?” asked Gwen.

The coach could **foresee** Gwen’s excuses. It wasn’t the first time Gwen tried to leave class. With a **stern** voice, the coach said, “No.”

Gwen was **vehement**. “I don’t know any of these girls! Let me play on another team. Please!” she **pleaded**.

“Gwen, don’t be **disobedient**. I don’t want to hear any more **negative** comments from you.”

Gwen had no choice. Then a girl smiled at her. “Hi, I’m Stephanie. I was in your English class last year,” she said. Gwen remembered her. “For the **sake** of the team, please try your best. I know you’re a good player,” said Stephanie.

When the game started, Gwen played as best as she could. She took a long shot. The ball sailed through the air and went right through the **hoop**!

“That was awesome!” said one of her teammates. Later, Gwen fell with a loud **thump**.

“Are you OK?” asked her teammates. They were worried. She had **ripped** her jeans. She had **scraped** her knee and had a small **bruise**.

Gwen told her teammates, “My knee is fine, and I can **stitch** my pants later. Let’s keep playing!”

By the end of the game, Gwen forgot **altogether** that she hadn’t wanted to play, and her team won! The victory **bound** Gwen’s team together. She had made a lot of new friends, and they were a **source** of happiness for her for many years.